#summary Installation of Tomcat server and CXF (web services framework), and their configuration in eclipse

= Tomcat server installation and configuration in eclipse =

*Download tomcat 7:*

http://tomcat.apache.org/download-70.cgi

Choose: 32-bit/64-bit Windows Service Installer

In Installation progress: change HTTP/1.1 connector port to 80 (from 8080)

*Configure in eclipse:* 

open eclipse -> window -> preferences -> 

press server -> runtime environment -> 

press add -> tomcat 7.0. click "next"

click browse, and then insert path of installation of tomcat. finish.

In eclipse, in the lower part of window – go to "server" tab. 

Right click there -> new -> server

Make sure 7.0 is marked. -> next -> finish.

In order to start the server Click "start the server" – it will show: server started and synchronized.

in order to check the server is on, go to your browser, to URL http://localhost:80, and make sure that the tomcat version running appears, below "http status 404" message.


= CFX (web services framework) installation and configuration in eclipse =

*Download cfx:* 

http://cxf.apache.org/download.html

choose binary distribution, and the zip file (apache-cxf-2.5.2.zip). extract it.

*Configure in eclipse:* 

open eclipse -> window -> preferences ->

-> web services -> cxf 2.x -> press add. 

Browse the installation folder. Click finish. 

Now check the checkbox of it, in order to make it the default.

Now under  window -> preferences -> web services ->server&runtime, 

change to tomcat 7.0, and in the second one- choose cxf instead of axis.