#summary How to create web services in eclipse

First, make sure Tomcat server and CFX are installed, and configured in eclipse.

*Create the project:*

In eclipse, go to File -> dynamic web project. 
Give the project name,
change "Dynamic web module version"  to 2.5, 
and under "configuration" choose: " CXF web services project 2.5". press finish.

*Create the class with functions:*

Go to the project -> java resources -> new -> class. 
Give the class a name, and press finish. 
Now you can write your functions there.

*Wrap that class with a web service:*

Go to File -> new -> web service. 
Under "service implementation" choose the class you defined earlier. 
Move the slider up (highest possible) in both places. Press next.
Check "use a service endpoint interface".
Choose: "create an SEI" (service endpoint interface). 
Give it a name, and check the functions you wrote. 
Press Next -> next ->next. Press "start server".  Finish.

Now the window "Web services explorer" will open. 
In order to make sure that the functions work,  choose your function, press "add" to add parameters. now press "go". 

*Client side:*

Go to the project name with ending "Client" -> java resources -> java file that ends with :PORT_CLIENT. 
In that file – change params of functions that you wish to run. 

Now right click on the white area in the file -> run as -> java application.

The server is already running, and the web services are deployed, so this will start up a second process, that will connect to the web service. The function will now run. 